CLINICATE
Terms, terms of Usage and privacy and security policy
1.	general
1.1.	CLINICATE application (hereinafter " the application ") is Owned by Dr. Ahmed Ryan through a dealer/corporation/company under his control (the " Company ") .
1.2.	the app Serves as an Israeli and global social network to create relationships with customers, suppliers and consumers in the fields of aesthetics and beauty (with an emphasis on the face and teeth) in Israel and in countries with which there are trade relations, for speakers of Hebrew, Arabic, Russian and English. 
1.3.	Instructions Terms It will apply On Each browsing in the application, And they are are made vary from For the time , on times consideration her opinion the exclusive of the company which On Yes , not yet Execution of action any In the application , please the user Read , carefully Rav , you terms of The use , including policy privacy .
1.4.	The company keeps to herself You the right change , delete and / or add On terms of use these in all time and without commitment to moderate message early and / or In retrospect . all extension and / or change let's do In the application , in the content the app and / or in terms these will charge you With Continued your use in it . Therefore , we recommend to you browse in terms these from for the time your use in the app after the Execution of the changes testifying On your consent for changes these _ As much as that you are not agree for changes please avoid from a sequel use in the app or turn to us for assistance In order to Give to you solutions Alternatives .
1.5.	formula the regulations the binding and the determiner in all due in that is formula the regulations the famous in the app.
1.6.	in all case of contradiction and / or an island Match , of all sex and type that he between content the app and between Instructions Terms This , will prevail and will apply Instructions the regulations .
1.7.	validity terms of the use that is cumulative and no Alternatively and condition the use will retire as existing It to the side It and no reducing It You Applicability this .
1.8.	use In the application , Mahavah Approval Because the user read You Instructions Terms It also Because he agree for instructions Terms This , including to the condition policy The privacy , detailed Next to the regulations This and which are an integral part of it , as to be updated from at the time , and agree act according to which and the contractor with no all restriction or disclaimer _ If you are gone agree to the condition The use , please avoid from use in the app or turn to us In order to that we can to assist to you on the way Alternatives to seven your wish
1.9.	clarified hereby , that the use in the tongue male on condition The use is done for my sake comfort only and there is no at him In order to Harm and / or create a discrimination any _
1.10.	the user entitled to do use In the application for needs personal and not commercial only _ applicable Prohibition to do in the app and / or in all Part From her use for the purpose which is not for the purpose personal or non commercial _
1.11.	the registration to the application also the use in the information him A message the user to the company through the app and/or accumulated about the user phobia the use in the application , will be carried out in accordance for instructions all law and accordingly to policy privacy of The app , which is Part non broke off conditionally the use

2.	uses forbidden in the app
2.1.	with no giving permission written In advance By society , you are not entitled perform You the actions and /or the acts the following phobia your use in the app and in the content The app :
2.1.1.	to do use commercial in the app and /or content the app .
2.1.2.	Copy , reproduce , change , process , translate , perform engineering repeat , distribute , transmit , present , perform , reproduce , publish and store You content The entire app or part of it .
2.1.3.	activate or enable Activation all Application computer or all a means other , including Softwares Crawlers , Robots , etc., for searching, scanning, copying or automatically retrieving the content of the application.
2.1.4.	display content from the app Inside A frame ( iframe ) is visible or hidden or display You content the app in all way that she is , including Through all Software , device , accessory or protocol Communication , the modifiers You their design the original in the app and / or minuses Nothing any _
2.1.5.	disrupt or violate all right of user Other in the application , incl the right for privacy and / or collect information personal On the users in the app with no Your consent the explicit in writing , incl by means automatic .
2.1.6.	Harm in his honor or in his privacy of user Other and /or use in the app and /or content the app In order to Harm in his name the good of all A person and /or publish my words Incitement , fraud , fraud , language the bad and / or all information Other we stayed False , untrue reliable or That at him In order to Harm on purpose
2.1.7.	use in the app or in the content the app opal creation Stock information and / or collection .
2.2.	an island resistance within limits these may to lead for prevention your attitude to the application and even Reveal you for responsibility civilian and /or criminal , according to any law .

3.	ownership and rights buyer spiritual
3.1.	the app and the information appearing at him including Design The app , incl all information tank sex and type which is , and in general It all content Verbal , visual , vocal , audio - visual , and many more Text , image , sound , video , everything a means Media and in all Player edge , existing Today and / or Let them be Existing in the future and / or all combination their including Articles , articles , news , reviews , data , files , maps , advice , analyses , recommendations , guidelines , assessments and all information and / or content Other in all format which is , and Their design , processing , editing , distribution and way Their presentation , including ( but No only ): all picture , drawing , design , photograph , illustration , animation , diagram , figure , visualization , sample , video , file _ _ _ _ vocal and a file musical ; all Software , file , code Computer , application , format , protocol , database _ _ data and interface and all Character , sign , symbol and an icon ( hereafter " the content " or " the contents ") , protected by me _ legal rights create of State Israel , Art between _ _ and legal rights create of countries others . banned On the user Insert changes , copy , publish , distribute , transmit , display , perform , reproduce , issue License to create jobs Derivatives or sell all Part from the content included in the app with no his consent The early one , the written one and the explicit of the company
3.2.	all rights the property the spiritual in connection With the app tank sex and type which is ( and this between If in question in rights records and between If in question in rights not yet were registered ), and in general this Name The domain (" Domain "), the patents , marks The trade , names The trade , the samples , rights Creators , secrets Commercial , reputation, 'Know How' , methods , code the source and the code Binary , symbols Commercial , software Computer , concepts , information Secret , signs Service , databases Information , works Derivatives , discoveries , formulas , reputation , ideas , improvements , models , information , innovations , inventions , knowledge , logos , data Market , methods , rights Morality , works Literature , file Graphic , information technical , manner his presentation and its design of the app also all interest or individual related In the app , they are Property e the exclusive of The company or of trapping third , which the company approved for him to use in it , and the use in all the rights the said permitted to the company exclusive ( or sideways thirds Additional , if necessary and they are With license to do yes ). nothing Copy , distribute , reproduce , sell , translate and / or perform action Other of any kind , commercial and which is not Commercially , in all types the texts and / or codes and / or Photos and / or signs trade and / or photographs and / or Videos and / or all content Other appearing In the app , but If Accepted Approval the company for that In advance and in writing .
3.3.	without derogate From the aforementioned , ibid the company and signs the trade of the , including Objects related to the company's reputation , such as (but not limited to): signs , logos , symbols , marks service , or all object Other as that they perform In the app , they are The property of the exclusive of the company and there is no to do in them all use .

4.	content the app
4.1.	the app as a whole , including all the contents appearing in her are offered to the public and to the user Amount They are ( 'As Is' ). intention the company She that the content appearing in the app will be Right and accurate However , it is possible and the content is not whole and alternatively It is possible and fell mistakes technicalities or others in the content .
4.2.	the company is not responsible to the island Accuracy , or for mistakes that fell in relation to the content . the company clarifies hereby that the content included in the app that is for purposes generality and informativeness only and is not constitutes recommendation and / or farms knowledge in relation for a course of action or events those who are published in the application , and on Yes aware the user and agree for that cerebro reliance On Statements , messages, publications or all content Other shown in the app has been done as per consideration his opinion of the user and under his responsibility the exclusive ; On the user perform himself You all his assessments and his tests regarding stated in the application and he Give up and will be Engine from raising all claim regarding reliance On who will of these
4.3.	It is further clarified that some of the contents and / or the information the brought In the application , their origin on the sides Third , their hand and to society No be all responsibility about him
4.4.	its conditions and its validity of all event or other activity the famous in the app Will subordinates to the conditions that will accompany them .
4.5.	in an application are made to be included Links (" Links ") to my website Internet others , who are not are activated By the company The links were intended but and only for their convenience and for your information of the users . Links these gone controlled by the company and she is not supervisor On content the sites the linked As much as that the app contains Links These , there are none in so doing In order to testify On Agreement and / or responsibility of the company to the contents appearing on websites the linked and / or constitutes guarantee for their reliability , up-to-dateness , security, integrity or their legality and / or to policy privacy and condition the use taken On my hand their owners . the company is not responsible to all outcome be caused as a result from the use on websites the linked and / or from reliance on them and recommended to read under consideration You terms of the use and policy privacy of sites These , however that exist , and / or Turn to my husband the sites the linked in all case of claim or request in the matter the company may as per consideration her opinion the exclusive Remove all link from the app and / or add Links Additional . the company is not undertakes Because The links to my site the Internet the said Will are active and will lead locate Internet active _
4.6.	all use in the content in the application , incl in the content provided On my hand The company ( incl documents and / or pictures ) and / or in the content of trapping Tuesday , including all Entrance of the user to sites of sides thirds On my hand Reference in the app and / or in advertising in the application , will be carried out On his responsibility the exclusive of the user . to the user No be all claim and / or Claim against the company in connection to the content in the application , incl to the content provided On my hand the company and / or to the content of trapping Third And , including content regarding Events and/or activities , Begin all damage direct or Indirect , arising from use and / or Entrance as mentioned and / or mature reliance On content of trapping Third and / or mature Injury, damage in privacy Following use As mentioned .
4.7.	the company trying that the information the brought in the app will be Precise As much as given . With Yes , they may in the app and / or in the content and in information are brought in her Disruptions , i accuracies and mistakes , between the rest Due actions and / or omissions of the company and / or who will on her behalf and / or of sides Thirds . the user fired hereby You the company tank responsibility mature the information and / or the content the brought On Hand in the app and / or mistakes in it , including for all Damage , direct or Indirect , caused to the user mature all content and / or the information as mentioned and / or reliance the user on him , including in connection for events and the like .

5.	restriction responsibility
5.1.	the company makes great efforts to provide you with a high-quality and safe experience using the application. However, the application is not immune to malfunctions and/or problems and there may be restrictions on access to the application from time to time.
5.2.	known to the user , because The app , incl all content and / or Service in it , are given On my hand the company in their condition as that they and subject to for their availability ( 'As Is' and 'As Available' ) . the company No carry in all responsibility She is explicit or implied in connection With The app , incl all content or Service in it , and in connection With matching them for the purpose specifically and / or to requirements the user . the user declares and undertakes In this , because he in charge of in a way without me and full to all use that he Doing in the application , incl in all content and / or Service in it , and that known to him that the company is not Responsible , between directly between Indirectly , to all use that he Doing in the app As mentioned .
5.3.	the company and / or who will On her behalf , no will carry in all responsibility which is , to damage and / or Loss , direct or Indirect , incl damage incidental , consequential , random or Compensation Punitive ( including This , and without derogate Colleges The said , compensations for loss Working and business , loss spaces , breaks and disturbances Work , loss and / or lost information Business , damage in reputation , and all loss and / or damage financial Other , expected and which is not expected ), which arise and / or related , in the application , or in all content and / or Service In it , or in all use in them , and many but without Subtract :
5.3.1.	Used and / or an island ability use in the application , incl all content and / or Service in it , of all Cause she is ;
5.3.2.	Messages and / or files received at the user during and / or Due the use in the application , incl all content and / or Service in it ;
5.3.3.	use or reliance On information and contents those who are published In the application , between On my hand the company and between On my hand sides thirds ;
5.3.4.	all act and / or neglect being carried out in the content the app or in connection with him after the its delivery sideways thirds ;
5.3.5.	Interruptions , availability and normality of The app , incl all content and / or Service in it , of all Cause which is , among other things , the emanations from disruptions or fail on the network the Internet or on the network the telephony ;
5.3.6.	damage or loss which caused as a result Mistake , mistake , island Accuracy test and the like, in the content in the application .
5.4.	disruption in absorption Private user on my computer the company tank Cause that she is , including fault related to the company, No will be reason to all claim and / or Claim pillbox the user.
5.5.	nothing in limitation the responsibility In this section , for derogate tank restriction responsibility Other detailed on condition The use , including policy privacy .

6.	obedience to the conditions and indemnity
6.1.	the user undertakes hereby to abide To all provisions of the law, including law and/or regulation , that may apply to the use of the application and/or our content and/or its activities , including these terms of use.
6.2.	same as Yes , the user undertakes to indemnify the company and/or anyone on his behalf for any damage, loss , loss profit , payment or expenditure to cause to them , directly or Indirectly , and in general It Injury, damage in reputation , harm financially and /or commercial , 79 attorney 's fees and expenses Sentence For any claim, demand and/or claim arising directly and / or Indirectly , in violation terms of the use and / or all actually and / or neglect of the user and / or tank obligation at him You will be charged the company and / or who will on her behalf which On times terms of the use to the company nothing responsibility regarding him ; or be raised against the On my hand trapping Third any as a result from use invalid and / or not legal by the user of the application and/or our content, including violation of these terms .

7.	availability and / or change the app
7.1.	the company may permit or prohibit the user's access to the application at any time at its sole discretion and reserves the exclusive right to change or stop the operation of the application, in whole or in part, at any time and without giving notice .
7.2.	without derogate From what has been said , be the company may stop activity one or the other being carried out In the application , all of it or plot , including activity with third parties, in a manner Temporary and / or permanent , in all At , and without to be to the user all Claim , right and / or Claim in connection for that .
7.3.	the company be may condition You the entrance and / or the use In the app , all of it or Part of it , in registration and / or Under other conditions , and without to be to the user all Claim , right and / or Claim in connection for that .

8.	policy privacy
8.1.	general
8.1.1.	the company respects You their privacy of the users the incoming to the application and / or the users in the bathroom the various offered as part of it . purpose the conditions listed in policy privacy This , the constituents Part non broke off conditionally The use , here to review , among The rest , you the manner sit using the company in the information delivered her On my hand the users in the app and / or collected On Hand phobia the use in the app also You the manner sit s a l e the user use in the content the common in the app and / or to his exposed the user through it .
8.1.2.	terms of policy privacy listed below , constitute Part non broke off conditionally the use the company may To change from for the time You Instructions policy Privacy , to to be reflected Changes Technological , business , legal or regulators . by any chance Such , the change will be updated in the document It and will be published in the application . your use in the app after the Execution of The changes , he will testify On your consent for changes These , and on Yes we recommend browse in policy this from for the time
8.1.3.	all Definitions and the terms in policy privacy will be as they mean on condition The use , but If their connection of the things binding otherwise .

8.2.	Registration and transfer of information to the company 
8.2.1.	Part from the actions in the app loads Registration . within Registration will be required Give information Personal , for example Your name , your address , my way the engagement with you and/or Address the mail the electronic yours _ The fields , a must fill in , will be marked specifically _ without Give You the data requested in the fields the duty No will be able to To register to perform the operations the charges Registration ( hereinafter " Registration ").
8.2.2.	within Registration will be required the user Play in the fields the designated for that information personal For example : name , address E - mail , phone number and so on ; as part non broke off from a procedure Registration to the application and as a condition to finish process The registration will be the company may verify You his identity of the user in accordance for information delivered her On his hand
8.2.3.	clarified hereby , that No Applies On the user all Required Shabdin Give You the information as mentioned also that delivers the information depends at his will and with his consent of the user . With That is , filling Part from the fields in the process the registration found in the application constitutes terms of necessary Use to finish process Registration, and/or to perform operations using the application .
8.2.4.	The user who provides his details to the company hereby declares that he knows and agrees that the details provided by him will be kept by the company, for the purpose of maintaining contact with him, research and sending important mailings and updates when necessary in the future. The delivery of the details is not required by law and is done voluntarily and with the consent of the user for the purpose of managing the relationship with him. The registrant may request its removal in the future at any time.
8.2.5.	the user declares and undertakes hereby , that all the information let him deliver and / or Will update In the app , it is Right, reliable and accurate also, Because performed You Registration and / or A message You the information in his name and for himself only and no on behalf of and / or for sides thirds , except in cases in them was allowed to do Yes , specifically . the information which delivered the user and information additional to accumulate About him and his actions through the application will keep in the hands of the company, and will do at him use according to policy privacy this and / or in accordance for instructions all Dean _

8.3.	collection and use in the information
8.3.1.	the company may pick up also to do use in the information delivered On my hand the user on time Registration and / or in the information which accumulated about the user , including during the use In the application , on portion improve , enrich or change ( incl change shown to the user ) the The app , you the services and the contents offered in the application , and On portion update You the user as to for events and / or Services offered On my hand The company , who? on her behalf and / or On my hand sides Third parties related to the company. In addition , the company may to do use in the information For the purposes of direct mail and maintaining contact with users, research, service provision, etc.
8.3.2.	same as Yes , the company is allowed to do use in the information to be accepted By the user and / or in the information collected About him , too in cases Next : there creation link With the user by any chance the need ; for the purpose maintenance the app and / or the system ; for the purpose improvement the information and the contents that the company offer within the app to users in a way personal and / or to the rule and / or to divide from the users in the application .
8.3.3.	without derogate from the said above , subject to for delivery the user You Private the engagement His to the company and his consent for receiving mailing Be direct _ the company may to send to the user , from on time , by mail electronic and / or in the middle attachment others which delivered The user , information regarding events and/or activities and/or any other company information. the user will be entitled cancel in all time You his consent and stop receiving the information As mentioned through Confirm " Remove " button will appear at the bottom the message ;
8.3.4.	the app using in cookies ( hereafter " Cookies " and/or " Cookies ") as necessary its operation the current and installed , and in general It In order to pick up data statistical about the use In an application , for verification Details , to Match You the app to preferences the personality of the user, to characterize the events suitable for him, to match the surfer with customized advertisements even when browsing other websites and for my needs Security information . cookies they files text , which the browser of the user creator as per command from my computer the company Part from the cookies will expire When shut up You the browser and others are kept On my back the drive the hard on the computer yours _ The cookies contain information diverse for example the pages in which You visited , Meshach the time you stayed In the application , from where you arrived to The app , sections and information that the user Asks See phobia the entrance to the application and more . The cookies can also store information about the surfing habits of the surfer in other apps, including the websites he surfed, the pages in the apps and any other action in them. the information in cookies Encrypted , and the company takes steps Caution In order to Ensure whistled computers the company or someone on her behalf will be able to to read and understand You the information the hoard in them .
8.3.5.	If you are gone wants to Get Cookies , you can avoid from that On my hand change the settings in the browser yours _ opal so please The consultation in the file the help of the browser . Remember , with That is , it will be deactivated The cookies might cause for that no will be able to to use in part from the bathroom and the features in the application .

8.4.	use in tools for surgery data
8.4.1.	The application uses the Google Analytics tool , which is a web data analysis service offered and provided by Google Inc. (Hereinafter " the analysis service " and " Google " , respectively). The analysis service uses cookies , which are text files saved on your computer, in order to analyze the activity of the users of the application. The information collected and saved by the cookie file About your use will be transferred to Google and will be kept on its servers. The information collected and saved by the cookie file About your use of the application (including, the IP address In its abbreviated form - in light of the company's usage In the analysis service with the extension " _anonymizeIp ", intended to prevent identification and tracking) will be transferred to Google or any other company that provides these services and will be kept on its servers. 
8.4.2.	Google will use the information collected, among others, for the following uses: evaluating your use of the application, producing activity reports in the application, providing various services related to activity in the application and the Internet, and more. Google may transfer the information to a third party, if required to do so by law and/or for the purpose of processing the information through a third party acting on behalf of Google . Please note that Google will not associate the IP address yours to any other data kept in her hands. More information about the use of information by Google can be found in the following link:
 www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners .
8.4.3.	The application uses remarketing with the analysis service for online advertising, which will display Ads on websites by third parties or Google . In order to perform the said operation, The application, third parties and Google use cookies , in order to effectively match different ads according to previous visits to the application.
8.4.4.	As mentioned, you can prevent the saving of cookies by changing the settings of the browser you are using, but because of this you may not be able to make full use of the various options offered in the application. In addition, you can even prevent the transfer or processing of the information (found in cookies ) by Google , about your use of the application, by canceling your participation ( opt-out ). For this, you must download and install the extension ( Google Analytics Opt-out ) . 
8.4.5.	By actually using the website, you give your consent to the performance of the analysis service, as described above, through Google .

8.5.	Delivery information to the side Third
8.5.1.	the company take by means reasonable and accepted On portion Preserve and prevent transfer Details personal the identifiers You the user in his name and / or in private his identity , such as Name and address The user , to the sides Third , and this excluding in cases as follows :
8.5.1.1.	On times requirement the user and / or with his consent the explicit ;
8.5.1.2.	in all case at him Fr the user You terms of The use , including terms of policy privacy and / or in cases in them greed the user or tried perform the user and / or who will on his behalf , through the app and / or in connection with him , actions the opposites for instructions terms of The use , including policy Privacy , including Instructions all Dean ;
8.5.1.3.	mature order judgmental the teacher to the company Give You the information sideways thirds ;
8.5.1.4.	mature all Dispute , claim , claim , demand and / or procedures Legal which will be conducted between the user and / or on his behalf and between the company and / or who will on her behalf ;
8.5.1.5.	in all case at him you will think The company , that Delivery the information necessary On portion Prevent damage Donkey purchase and / or to their bodies of The company , of the user and / or of sides thirds , or On portion Prevent damage Donkey Other as per consideration her opinion the exclusive ;
8.5.1.6.	by any chance at him the offense and / or the protester the company to the side Third You its activity and / or You her rights and its duties towards The user , to the sides Third , of course which sides thirds as mentioned will receive On themselves You the instructions detailed in policy privacy this one .
8.5.2.	nothing said above In order to derogate a privilege the company to convey sideways thirds information which is not personal , which nothing at him in order Recognize You the user in his name and / or in private his identity in a way direct _

8.6.	Security information
8.6.1.	the company Doing As much as that she can In order to protect On Confidentiality the data delivered On my hand my users The app , that is within taking a means Caution acceptable and use in technologies securing advanced . known to the user Because the company dedicating resources and takes means getting worse for prevention penetration to the application and to thwart Injury, damage possible in privacy The user , however he is not Can Prevent disruptions in the app in a way Absolute .
8.6.2.	the company Doing all that she can and helped in the middle securing technological and organizational Advanced In order to secure You The app , you the media through him and you the information under her control , against Survivor accidental or Deliberate , loss , destruction or against access On my hand people non qualified or Authorized . the engagement between the computer of the user or the visitor in the app and between computers the company secured Through methods Encryption accepted , accordingly to standards the customs same as Yes , the company takes by means reasonable for protection On the app and on components hardware and software related in its operation and cares to update them in a way Current , between Permit , to protect On the app and on software because Penetration , loopholes or eavesdropping non Legacy .
8.6.3.	So , the company updating in a way current in developments the technologies in the fields the software and the hardware for - in order to provide to my users the app You the defense the best most because penetration or Hacking , incl Entrance No authorized to the application and/or computers where it is hosted . With this the company Clarifies that _ in cases which are not under her control and / or derive by virtue of Upper , she does not guarantee that the site will be conducted As usual , without all disorder , and / or that the site and / or the data collected and / or were delivered as mentioned above Will are immune in a way absolute because access and / or penetration non authorized for the company's computers and that known to the user that the company No bear under responsibility for all damage and / or Loss , direct or Indirect , of course Type which is caused as a result Therefore , including mature Injury, damage in privacy .

9.	Obsolescence
9.1.	without derogate from the said in the regulations terms of use This is the user Aware , agree and confirms hereby Because period Obsolescence regarding all Claim and / or Claim , and / or demand against the company and / or sides thirds related Use in the app On my hand the user and / or for products appearing In the application , you will be limited for the period of 6 months And a rule the parties see in so doing as an agreement for the period Obsolescence literally in section 19 of the law The obsolescence , 988-1958 . _

10.	authority judgement and choice law
10.1.	On all use in the app and / or On all Claim , demand or request arising from use It and / or tank Nothing and interest Other related in a way direct or indirect to the application this will apply legal State Israel only _ Place The unique judgment will be at home the trial to him the authority in Jerusalem , Israel only , and the law the essential and the procedural will apply will be the law The Israeli, who will overcome all general choice law the referrers to apply law stranger _



11.	Various
11.1.	terms of use listed above gone create and no will retire as creators all Partnership , venture shared , relative Employee employer , agent or Send between the user and between the company
11.2.	If terms of conditionally the use will find non Legal , void or non will enforce tank reason , condition It will delete conditionally the use and its deletion No make an impact On legality and validity terms of the use the remaining by any chance Such , they will see in its existence of terms of Similar Other will enforce instead of Condition deleted or has been removed .
11.3.	terms of use these constitute You the agreement the full between you and between the company in all concerning in a way the use in the app and replace all understanding and / or Agreement Otherwise , by word of mouth or in writing , concerning Use in the app and in the software .

12.	accessibility 
12.1.	the company investing efforts and resources many for the purpose accessibility the app its to people With disability .
12.2.	in the app were assimilated A number elements the adjusted ones to profiles Different of With disabilities And among them - difficulties Vision , difficulties Comprehension ( speed and information added ), blindness ( devices reading ) , color blindness , users keyboard and epilepsy .
12.3.	below the elements the assimilated in the app On times Ramat accessibility AA :
12.3.1.	mechanism replacement Photos on the page the house the giver to surf control full Browsing and alternately the pictures .
12.3.2.	control full Through the keyboard and beyond pages Through Tab .
12.3.3.	to objects graphic there is alternative Textual ( alt ).
12.3.4.	possibility To change You size the texts in the app at three situations Through button in the title the app .
12.3.5.	the app allows change in size display Through use on the CTRL key and rolled the mouse .
12.3.6.	contents and links in all My column the app are written in the language simple And obviously the convenient for orientation and use .
12.3.7.	Design the texts and contrast the colors in the app compatible with Correct the Israeli For accessibility 5568 the subscriber in the guidelines the accessibility to be accessible ethereal Internet 2.0.
12.4.	caveats For accessibility :
It's possible Because On Nose our effort To make accessible You rule the pages in the app will be found parts not yet Hungsho , and on Yes , to an extent you encountered on the page such a or in a problem operation any - contact to us And we will be happy to assist in their accessibility .
13.	 contact
13.1.	For any matter, question and/or request, please contact the company using a create form Contact ( link direct per page creation contact  ), by phone : ____________, by fax : __________ , or By email : _____________________.

